Add new ZMPOP and BZMPOP commands. (#1654)
redis/redis-doc: commands/zmpop.md

> Pops one or more elements(member / score pair) from the first non-empty sorted set key from the list of provided key names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pops one or more elements, that are member-score pairs, from the first non-empty sorted set in the provided list of key names.
```

`ZMPOP` and `BZMPOP` are similar to the following, more limited, commands:
- `ZPOPMIN` or `ZPOPMAX` which take only one key, and can return multiple elements.
- `BZPOPMIN` or `BZPOPMAX` which take multiple keys, but return only one element from just one key.

See `BZMPOP` for the blocking variant of this command.

Elements are popped from either the min or max of the first non-empty sorted set based on the passed argument.
The number of returned elements is limited to the lower between the non-empty sorted set's length, and the count argument (which defaults to 1).

@return

@array-reply: specifically:

* A `nil` when no element could be popped.

> * A two-element array with the first element being the name of the key from which elements were popped, and the second element is an array of elements, and each element is also an array that contains the member and score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A two-element array with the first element being the name of the key from which elements were popped, and the second element is an array of the popped elements. Every entry in the elements array is also an array that contains the member and its score.
```

@examples

```cli

> ZMPOP 2 non1 non2 MIN COUNT 10

Reviewer: I think it is best to start as simple as possible.

```suggestion
ZMPOP 1 notsuchkey MIN
```

Pops one or more elements, that are member-score pairs, from the first non-empty sorted set in the provided list of key names.

> `ZMPOP` and `BZMPOP` are similar to the following, more limited, commands:

Reviewer: Newline needed to render the list

```suggestion
`ZMPOP` and `BZMPOP` are similar to the following, more limited, commands:

```
